OCPBUGS-66141-static: Added placeholder for bootstrapping complete ex… (#118711)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-aws-user-infra-bootstrap.adoc

----
+
* For `<installation_directory>`, specify the path to the directory that you stored the installation files in. 

> * To view different installation details, specify `warn`, `debug`, or `error` instead of `info`. The bootstrapping completion time varies per platform and supports hours (`h`), minutes (`m`), and seconds (`s`) units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To view different installation details, specify `warn`, `debug`, or `error` instead of `info`.
* The bootstrapping completion wait time varies per platform.
```

I'd also recommend keeping its short to not make it seem like a configurable field.

----
INFO Waiting up to 20m0s for the Kubernetes API at https://api.mycluster.example.com:6443...
INFO API v1.35.4 up
INFO Waiting up to <duration> for bootstrapping to complete...
INFO It is now safe to remove the bootstrap resources
INFO Time elapsed: 1s
----
+

> The `<duration>` value varies per platform and supports hours (`h`), minutes (`m`), and seconds (`s`) units. For example, `1h0m0s`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<duration>` value varies per platform. For example, `1h0m0s`.
```

I'd recommend to just give an example since `<duration>` is just a log text, rather than a configurable parameter.

Author: :heavy_check_mark:
